feat: proxy headers (#142)
Thiht/smocker: docs/technical-documentation/mock-definition.md

  host: # destination host
  follow_redirect: # optional boolean
  keep_host: # optional boolean
  headers: # optional map of string lists
    Forwarded: "for=unknown;host=www.example.com;proto=http"
```

By default, redirect responses from the destination host are returned as any other response. Setting `follow_redirect` to `true`
makes Smocker follow any redirect response before responding.

Host header is overriden using destination host value by default. With `keep_host` set to `true`, request sent to the 
destination host have same `Host` HTTP header as incoming request.

Headers defined in the proxy mock definition are injected in the request sent to the destination host. If the header is already

> present in the incoming request, its value is overwritten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
present in the incoming request, its value will be overwritten.
```
